compose v2.18.0 release note (#17329)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/release-notes.md

---
{% include compose-eol.md %}

## 2.18.0
{% include release-date.html date="2023-05-16" %}

> ### Enhancements

Reviewer: Let's combine `bug fixes` and `enhancements` to keep it consistent with previous release notes

- Dry run support

> - First (alpha) implementation of viz subcommand

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the first (alpha) implementation of viz subcommand
```

> - introduce `--no-path-resolution` to skip relative path to be resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `--no-path-resolution` to skip the relative path to be resolved
```

> - introduce `COMPOSE_ANSI` to define `--ansi` default value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `COMPOSE_ANSI` to define the `--ansi` default value
```

> - introduce `COMPOSE_STATUS_STDOUT` to get status messages sent to stdout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced `COMPOSE_STATUS_STDOUT` which send the status messages to stdout
```

> ### Bug fixes

Reviewer: Are there specific PRs we can add as we do in previous release notes?

Author: is this a requirement ? 
This is a synthesis for https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.18.0, which includes individual links

Reviewer: It's just how it's always been done for Compose and how we do Desktop. But agree that it is a little silly to repeat all the links. Perhaps we can add something like 'For more detailed information, see [the release notes in the Compose repo](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.18.0) and add that to line 13?
